Hello everyone and welcome to this biting tutorial.
And as well as final video of this very exciting and simple project we reuse tends to flow like a library
to convert a model for a mobile device in this video.
We are going to conclude everything that we've done so far.
We will use our tens of low light version of a model that we've previously saved and saved in some file
that can be loaded on a mobile device so let's do that.
The first thing that we have to do is to open a file that we are going to use to save our model in so
right with open TAF underscore model dot of light because that is the extension for our Tanzer flow
light model.
We are going to open it in right binary mode it is followed by as f or a file you can name it whatever
you want then we are going to say f dot right.
And here we have to provide our converter model execute the cell.
And we've saved our model to a file if we check our files.
You will notice that there is a new file called The F model dot of light which is our model that has
an insignificant number of kilobytes that can be imported to resources about Android or iris app and
loaded from device itself and that's pretty much it.
If you have any questions or comments so far please buzz them in the comments section.
Otherwise I'll assume the next tutorial.